BENJAMIN A. S. RIGGS
3403 Nicollet Ave. S, Apt. #4, Minneapolis, MN 55408
(612)-205-9789
riggs@umn.edu


Objective:  Skilled system administrator seeking challenging and enriching position maintaining Linux systems and networking infrastructure.


Computer Experience:
#1. Provided hardware and software support to 200+ desktops running Fedora and, recently, Scientific Linux, as well as several dozen running Windows and Mac OS X.
#2. Provided hardware and software support to 20+ rack-mounted servers running Fedora and CentOS located in both a re-purposed room and a tier 1 datacenter.
#3. Simplified OS deployment by migrating department from home-spun Kickstart generation to using Cobbler for system provisioning.
#4. Simplified OS configuration by migrating department from home-spun tar-ball of system files to using Cobbler for system file generation and installation.
#5. Greatly streamlined and expedited OS and software patch deployment leveraging Cobbler to manage software repositories.
#6. Improved Cobbler by submitting multiple patches to up-stream git repository for new features as well as bug-fixes.
#7. Enabled simple department-wide deployment of software via yum by packaging using rpmbuild and custom .spec files.
#8. Improved reliability and redundancy by migrating servers from aging physical hardware to KVM instances using virt-manager.
#9. Greatly improved monitoring capability and ease of administration by discovering and migrating department from using Nagios to Zenoss.
#10. Improved monitoring granularity to limit notification pages to events requiring immediate human intervention.
#11. Provided timely response to monitoring notifications delivered via on-call pager rotation as well as email.
#12. Improved reliability and ease of administration by assisting migration from in-house, ad-hoc DHCP and DNS servers to using services provided by the University.
#13. Maintained and worked to streamline pf, iptables, and Cisco PIX firewall and networking configurations for network gateway as well as individual servers.
#14. Consolidated and simplified network layout supporting multiple VLANs and subnets running on HP switch hardware.
#15. Administered, configured and tuned NFS server and attached RAID hardware to improve performance and ease of administration.
#16. Maintained host and user data in LDAP and Active Directory by hand as well as via custom Python scripts.
#17. Improved readability and ease of maintenance of administrative scripts by converting scripts from Perl and bash to Python.
#18. Refactored administrative scripts written in Python and bash to increase granularity, modularity and interoperability.
19. Collaborated in designing and implementing disaster recovery plan.


Communication Skills:
#1. Provided clear and appropriate information and support to coworkers, office staff, undergraduate and graduate students, and faculty using RT, phone and mailing lists.
#2. Received verbal and written praise from supported users for providing personalized assistance, advice and training.
#3. Greatly improved and created internal documentation for existing and newly implemented systems, including evaluation by someone unfamiliar with the topic.
#4. Improved understanding and familiarity of various concepts and provided expertise by collaborating with local and nation-wide peer groups, both in person and online.
#5. Respectfully offered opinions, support and criticism in collaborative group discussions with coworkers regarding a variety of topics, both work-related and not.
#6. Successfully provided and sought help using clear and concise language on various topic-specific email discussion lists.
#7. Conversed and exchanged information with coworkers and peers via Jabber.
8. Received verbal and written praise from bicycle shop customers for assisting with unusual requests or in extraordinary circumstances.
9. Provided helpful interaction with customers as bicycle mechanic and bartender.


Other skills and interests:
1. Strong mathematical background and conceptual problem solving experience from mathematics, physics and engineering courses.
2. Extensive physical problem solving experience from years of tinkering with bicycles, computers and electronics, LEGOs, etc., as well as strong spacial reasoning skills.
3. Thorough understanding and avid interest in Python including regular reading of Planet Python blog-roll and participation at PyMNtos user group.
4. Actively participated in community-building activities such as Appalachian Service Project, Make a Difference Day, & Habitat for Humanity.
5. Transportation cycling enthusiast and year-round cyclist, despite challenges imposed by widely varying weather throughout the year, particularly winter.


Work History:
1. University of Minnesota School of Mathematics as Information Technology Professional, 7/08 to present, Minneapolis, MN
2. U of M School of Math as Information Technology student worker, 1/07 to 7/08
3. Calhoun Cycle as Bicycle Mechanic, 6/05 to 1/07, Minneapolis, MN
4. UPS in warehouse, 7/02 to 6/05, Minneapolis, MN
5. Bartender, 9/01 to 7/02, Shakopee, MN


Education:
1. Various classes at University of Minnesota, January 2006 to May 2010
2. Iowa State University, 2000 to 2001
3. Post Secondary Enrolment Option (PSEO): University of Minnesota, 1998-2000
4. University of Minnesota Talented Youth Math Program (UMTYMP): 1995-2000
5. Eden Prairie High School, Class of 2000
