I'm the developer LeadPages deserves, but not the one it needs-- Wait, no!

I'm the developer LeadPages wants, just not the one it's seeking right now

I've been a Python enthusiast from the first time I worked with it
modifying utility scripts as a budding systems administrator. I'd dealt
with a handful of prior languages in class and recreationally, but none of
them were as simple to read and understand. I've since developed, through
both professional and personal projects, a vast depth of knowledge and
understanding of Python and how its many libraries enable simpler and
easier interaction with a plethora of other software and services. I want
to leverage these skills, along with my passion for problem solving and my
systems integration experience, for LeadPages while further developing my
software architecture and engineering ability, enabling me to create even
more robust and extensible solutions.

I'm confident my work and personal experiences have given me the expertise
LeadPages desires for this position. Though I may not have the precise
range of technical experience described in the listing, I possess many
additional qualities and abilities, from being independently motivated, to
thriving in a small team to adaptability, to a wellspring of curiosity, to
a drive for understanding how systems arise from component parts, to a
keen eye for quality, to a life-long passion for problem solving (friends
and I bested the Riddle Room in record time), all attributes that are far
more difficult to learn than mere technical knowledge. Learning and
understanding new technology is a core part of any modern technical
skill-set and I'm confident that I will quickly be able to develop the
technical and domain knowledge required to excel in this position.

Over the past 11 months I've had the wonderful fortune of working with a
small group of friends to architect and engineer some incredibly awesome
software, primarily in the realm of innovative educational tools.
Unfortunately, a lack of anticipated growth means the company doesn't have
enough work to keep me suitably employed, which has lead me to seek other
positions. Creative problem solving is at the core of the work I have been
doing, a talent developed through a life-long love of seeking new
challenges and how they engage the mind, and a skill I'm excited to bring
to new endeavors.

Thank you for your time and consideration. For additional information
about my skills and experience, please refer to my resume. I look forward
to meeting with you.

Sincerely, Benjamin Riggs
