Network admin

As a long-time consumer and occasional contributor to the StackExchange
family of sites, I've found them to be a great resource. The now
widely-imitated format for community-sourced questions and answers
provides a very valuable service to the world. The careers site expands
that value and is one of the more pleasant-to-use 'job boards' around. It
also features postings such as this one, which provide me with an
opportunity to apply to work for a company I respect that offers services
I'm fond of. I would take pride in maintaining and developing the
networking infrastructure of such services, and I have the knowledge and
skills to succeed in doing so.

At my last position as a sysadmin, I was effectively solely responsible
for maintaining and improving the (surprisingly convoluted) networking
infrastructure. I created a system to allow for automating backups and
configuration management for the couple-dozen HP switches that served ~250
total machines. I also managed the network firewalls, migrating us from a
single openBSD-based pf firewall to multiple instances of of Cisco FWSM,
enabling easier to maintain and understand (and thus more secure)
firewalls for differing network segments. Additionally, I have configured
a couple Cisco switches as borrowed replacements due to hardware failure.

The other large component to that position was automating installation &
configuration management for both Linux (first Fedora, then CentOS, then
ScientificLinux, then Ubuntu) and Windows (using SCCM). During my tenure,
I researched and evaluated multiple different solutions for Linux,
eventually taking us from a tarball extracted after installation, to
leveraging Cobbler and it's simple file templates, to Ansible, and then to
Puppet (& Ubuntu) in order to better align and merge with another unit.

Over the past 9 months I've had the wonderful fortune of working with a
small group of friends to architect & engineer some incredibly awesome
software, primarily in the realm of innovative educational tools.
Unfortunately, because of some poor business decisions by the owners along
with a lack of the growth they anticipated, the company doesn't have
enough work to keep me suitably employed, which is why I'm seeking other
employment. Creative problem solving is at the core of the work I have
been doing, a talent developed through a life-long love of seeking new
challenges and how they engage my mind, and a skill I'm excited to bring
to new endeavors.

For additional information about me, please refer to my profile and
résumé. Thank you for your consideration.

Sincerely, Benjamin Riggs


Sysadmin

There's a certain delight in visiting a job board run by a well-respected
site only to discover a posting for a position helping run that very site,
particularly when that position dovetails nicely with ones own experience.
And thus it is that I am writing this.

At my last position as a sysadmin, one of my larger focuses was on
maintaining the infrastructure for our configuration management tools and
our automated installation tools, both on Linux and Windows. For many
years, we used Cobbler, for which I have contributed several patches, to
manage Fedora & CentOS hosts. Later we switched to Foreman & Puppet as we
migrated to Ubuntu in order to merge with another unit. Additionally, our
Windows hosts were managed by SCCM, first 2008 and then 2012. I left that
position to pursue a unique and exciting new opportunity with a burgeoning
design & engineering startup.

Over the past 9 months I've had the wonderful fortune of working with a
small group of friends to design, develop & engineer some incredibly
awesome projects, primarily in the realm of innovative educational tools.
Unfortunately, because of some poor business decisions by the owners along
with a lack of the growth they anticipated, the company doesn't have
enough work to keep me suitably employed, which is why I'm seeking other
employment. Creative problem solving is at the core of the work I have
been doing, a talent developed through a life-long love of seeking new
challenges and how they engage my mind, and a skill I'm excited to bring
to new endeavors.

For additional information about me, please refer to my profile and
résumé. Thank you for your consideration.

Sincerely, Benjamin Riggs
