As a skilled systems administrator with experience in python development,
I believe I would be particularly well-suited for the Ops Engineer
position. I have a passion for puzzle and problem solving (some friends
and I bested the Riddle Room (http://riddle-room.com/about/) in record
time), with an eye toward fixing the root cause of a problem, not just
finding a work-around. I excel at creating connections between disparate
systems so that they can share infrastructure or data. And I firmly
believe that, in the world of ops, the third time is not 'the charm', but
your cue to automate.

I'm excited by the prospect of working on challenging and diverse problem
sets to improve upon existing solutions or find new ones. Since first
learning python through deciphering simple admin scripts, I've since
developed a deep knowledge and fondness for the language, both because its
rich ecosystem enables integration with a wide variety of tools, and
because its syntax & grammar encourages creating code that remains
readable long after the domain knowledge that created said code is
all-but-forgotten. I've yet to find another language that lets me so
effectively leverage it in everything from robust web frameworks to OS
utilities to statistical reporting tools.

Over the past 9 months I've had the wonderful fortune of working with a
small group of friends to develop some incredibly awesome projects.
Unfortunately, because of some poor business decisions by the owners along
with a lack of the growth they anticipated, the company doesn't have
enough work to keep me suitably employed, which is why I'm seeking other
employment. Creative problem solving is at the core of the work I have
been doing, a talent developed through a life-long love of seeking new
challenges and how they engage my mind, and a skill I'm excited to bring
to new endeavors.

For additional information about me, including additional means of
contact, please refer to my attached résumé. Thank you for your
consideration.

Sincerely, Benjamin Riggs
